ANN MENDENHALL: So I'm just going to leave this recording, it's 953 my time. I think our fellow has already checked in, but he's not actually in zoom yet so
ANN MENDENHALL: Rather than stop the recording and started again, I'll just keep it running just to let you know that it'll probably be folks. He just entered the waiting room so it'll be probably another six minutes before this actually really starts. Thank you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hey Kyle.
Kyle Camargo: Hello.
ANN MENDENHALL: How you doing,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, yeah. So my name. Let me close this little. There we go. My name is Anne Mendenhall
ANN MENDENHALL: And and so they have assigned you to me is your new provider and. And to do that, the readmission so
Kyle Camargo: I see that
ANN MENDENHALL: Excuse me.
ANN MENDENHALL: We can hear.
ANN MENDENHALL: You used to be with Dr. Waters. And so I just wanted to get a little history.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, I'm kind of looked at your chart and of course we've got your past medical history and a bunch of other things that you did with her. So, you know, that's good. We won't have to, you know, waste time I'll just kind of verify that. That's all accurate but
ANN MENDENHALL: Often so
ANN MENDENHALL: So why don't you just kind of tell me what's what's going on. I wouldn't. When did you first start with
ANN MENDENHALL: Right heart health.
Kyle Camargo: I started maybe about
Kyle Camargo: Roughly three months ago, but I was very, very shy. I was very maybe for like three weeks is
Kyle Camargo: I wanted to get sober and then
Kyle Camargo: I actually have a traveling drop. So my boss come back up and I thought I'll usually, usually when I need home I'm pretty strong about not using drugs, no not going on, looking for it. But when I come back home. I have my downfalls, and I always use and
Kyle Camargo: That's my current situation right now. I left the program because I thought I could maintain sobriety even myself. I did for a little bit, but
Kyle Camargo: It didn't last very long.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's hard to do it on your own. It really is. I mean, you're not alone in that
I mean,
ANN MENDENHALL: I
Kyle Camargo: Don't want to be sober, because I've been through methadone before, you know, but I didn't like the way let the dog.
Kyle Camargo: The stereo for so long. You know, I like going to the office every day and then it kept my goes cuz I create even more. And it's like, oh my god.
Kyle Camargo: It's a little too much for me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. And where do you live,
Kyle Camargo: Salinas, California.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's hard to have to go in every morning. That's one of the, I think main problems with methadone.
ANN MENDENHALL: notes down
ANN MENDENHALL: And so were you ever on methadone.
Kyle Camargo: Yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay and and when, when was that and for how long.
Kyle Camargo: Um, the last time I recall being on methadone.
Kyle Camargo: What's this year. Today's 2019 from
ANN MENDENHALL: It hasn't 20
Kyle Camargo: Okay, last year from maybe 2000 on
Kyle Camargo: Maybe august 2018 to
Kyle Camargo: Again, March.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And what was your dose of methadone when you when you quit.
ANN MENDENHALL: 7070. Okay. And so then you so march of 2019 and then so you joined right. Did you do anything. Did you have any other treatment or detox history or residential treatment or anything between March of 2019 and when you started working hard.
Kyle Camargo: Which is like
ANN MENDENHALL: What in October, maybe know
Joseph
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, it was January.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Okay, so what, what did you do between March of 2019 or were you just using the entire time.
Kyle Camargo: I was using the whole time.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so when, when was your, your last opioid use
ANN MENDENHALL: Other than yesterday.
Yesterday,
ANN MENDENHALL: And what did you use
Kyle Camargo: Heroin
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and how much
Kyle Camargo: Maybe
Kyle Camargo: About maybe up to a gram. I think
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And is that been your normal use every day, the gram or so.
Kyle Camargo: On most days. Usually, yes.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: What time of day. Wish Your, your last here to be here when
Kyle Camargo: I say about two o'clock.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And you know why that's important is because if you take the Suboxone too soon it will trigger that precipitated withdrawal, which you know it from
ANN MENDENHALL: Everybody that's told me I was gone through it. It's like hell. It's like going to hell it's you know you worse than you have ever felt in your life. And so I'm always just really careful that I, you know, let people wait a full 24 hours before they start just so they don't
ANN MENDENHALL: Experience that because even though you might have you know a little bit more withdrawal symptoms. You seem like you're fairly calm right now. I'm sure you're probably having some symptoms. But yeah, it should be about good
Kyle Camargo: 3040 minutes just to wake up. I woke up at night and I turned on the lights in my room. I just laid around like
Kyle Camargo: Nine 935 and then I called the bright health and then I sat there again, laying down and then I got up early. When I was Dally. The help to host you saw. I'm not feeling too good right now.
ANN MENDENHALL: I bet.
ANN MENDENHALL: I mean,
Kyle Camargo: Just cold right now and just normal symptoms.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, we'll get into all those symptoms.
ANN MENDENHALL: So what
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So what did you ever have any overdose where you had to go to the ER.
ANN MENDENHALL: Or not. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And when when how many and and when were those more or less.
Kyle Camargo: I only had one overdose and now maybe roughly two years ago.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And did you go to the ER them.
Kyle Camargo: Yes. Oh, sticking to the mark er in the ambulance.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so they had didn't have to use nor can to bring it back.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Luckily they did. And you're here.
ANN MENDENHALL: And it's your the height of your use what what is the most use per day like two grams or so always been about a gram or
Kyle Camargo: Roughly. I mean, depending how much money I have been enough if I really want to get high.
Kyle Camargo: Lately, in the last two weeks. I have been trying to cut down my minimum us, but I don't usually the last in the last two weeks, I only just get high. Just to get well you know try to spend more money. Spencer $10 again. Hi. I just want to get up and get going, or good. What do I have to do.
Kyle Camargo: Okay so lately I've been actually cutting back because I i was i wanted to call brain health but you know I wasn't ready yet, but
Kyle Camargo: You know, I knew I had to get high to the
Kyle Camargo: Day I get in contact with them and I called him, maybe two days ago and they said they have to check with a supervisor to readmit me and see go from there. And it gave me a call yesterday. I believe in started the process again. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: So you've been using a gram a day is that IV or snort smoke.
Kyle Camargo: I'm usually I ID and smoke.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And you've been using that gram a day. So would you say since March of know since
ANN MENDENHALL: Since when when you quit.
Kyle Camargo: This time
Kyle Camargo: Since I be using about a gram a day for the last month, but
Okay.
Kyle Camargo: My heroin user has been off and on throughout the years but
Kyle Camargo: Since I was with Bright House, I was sober for a little bit, taking the Suboxone
Kyle Camargo: And then I had to leave. I had to go work. So I thought I could be strong and be sober and then I came back to Salinas and started using the game with the last month, you know, you just get tired of using, you know, you want something else better for yourself.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, for sure.
Kyle Camargo: That a waking up in Philly sick every day or
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
Kyle Camargo: That's the other stuff.
ANN MENDENHALL: So the one concern. I guess I have is, you know, how, how it works with bright heart in order to get refills. You need to come to the groups and
ANN MENDENHALL: Even if you are on the job someplace else, you know, as long as you can get, you know, hook into an Internet connection there. You can do it on your phone. Were you able to to attend the groups when you were working on the road.
Kyle Camargo: Actually when I was in the road, I just give up, like I just I just took the rest of my soapbox and I had
Kyle Camargo: And just stop. I stopped getting high because there's no there's no jugs around so so i i was sober for a bit like for a weekend and I just like, I don't have to call them, like myself, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so were you how, how often are you on the road.
Kyle Camargo: I'm usually on the road, eight months out of the year, but I'm I'm done actually with that I'm actually, I'm staying home now. I'm and I'm good. I mean, I'm done traveling on the road with work with that company now.
Kyle Camargo: I'm just personal reasons why but i'm i'm done traveling. I'm going to stay at home with my family and
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Kyle Camargo: And do better right here because you know there's work everywhere, but I always choose to work to go on the road.
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, and yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: But if you. I mean, that's one of the things that I think that's, that's a great decision.
ANN MENDENHALL: Because in order for this to work. It's not just
ANN MENDENHALL: It's of course you know also having the
ANN MENDENHALL: The therapy part of it, you know, to help you sort of get underneath why you're using and to help you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Make you know help you with your decisions and also to be able to continue to prescribe that Suboxone because it really it really bothers me when I have somebody you know who I felt like, okay, we're getting going here.
ANN MENDENHALL: And then they disappear. I very
ANN MENDENHALL: I worry about my patients when that happens because it's almost inevitable that they've relapsed. And so one of the things that we need you to do is to come to the groups.
ANN MENDENHALL: At first century, you know, you'll be starting back. I'll just be prescribing a week at a time until you've been with us, you know, for a few months, and then we can you know give you two weeks at a time.
ANN MENDENHALL: But you know that entails you actually coming to the group. And can you attend a Friday morning group at 10 o'clock.
Kyle Camargo: Um,
Kyle Camargo: Yes, I can. I'm one question.
Kyle Camargo: About LIKE LATE AT ONCE I START WORKING WITH THEIR be adjustment as groups, I could have 10 cuz like saying I work in am and then will I be able to attend a different group say yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: I gotcha. I mean,
Kyle Camargo: The clock and then cuz I'm looking for a job right now to
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, and I don't know if a little work graveyard, or am but
Kyle Camargo: It's all you know the balls going but as the right now. I could meet at 10 o'clock in the morning.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, why don't we start you out at that 10 O'clock Friday morning group. I do it with Levada who's the therapist and
ANN MENDENHALL: We also have a Wednesday evening at six o'clock. That one's pretty full. But so let's start your on the Friday morning.
ANN MENDENHALL: And see how that goes. And if you need to switch, you know, we'll see about switching you to the Wednesday night, and if for some reason that doesn't work, or we've got too many people, then we'll just find another group for you that works with your schedule.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. How's that sound.
Kyle Camargo: Thursday. Actually, I go to the Wednesday group because I'm
Kyle Camargo: Already in the mornings and I be caught getting caught up like doing chores for my family and you know I think last time I was doing Mondays, or something like that at nighttime though like around six clock, I believe it was
ANN MENDENHALL: Uh huh.
Kyle Camargo: And I feel maybe just Friday at Fridays at 10 in the morning is like, you know, it's the end of the weekend and then
Kyle Camargo: I'll get caught up doing something and not be able to dial in.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, well we can try that, although our group is pretty full and so
ANN MENDENHALL: We'll have to see it wasn't very full last night so that that was alright but we can try you at Wednesday. And if that doesn't work.
ANN MENDENHALL: Because you know it doesn't work for us, if we have more than, you know, nine people show up because we just don't have time for that. And we already have 15 people in that group, but they don't all show up at the same time. So,
Kyle Camargo: We may
ANN MENDENHALL: Be will be, we can start you next Wednesday at 6pm
ANN MENDENHALL: Have you call the bright heart health to make that appointment. But, and also for the initial therapy appointment, but just so you know that there may be a chance we'll have to switch you to a different group, but we can try it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: All right, and so
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about. Have you had any
ANN MENDENHALL: I mean who hasn't had consequences from substance use, but, you know, specifically, have you had either any legal consequences like arrest or D wise or work related consequences or relationship.
Kyle Camargo: Only consequences as with myself and like losing a job in
Kyle Camargo: Know residential, you know, having somewhere to stay
Kyle Camargo: Connected drugs, you know, get high instead of paying bills.
Kyle Camargo: Okay, stuff like that. I just say personal consequences myself.
ANN MENDENHALL: But button. The little ones at this point.
Kyle Camargo: No legal legal
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Well, that's good. I'm good for you it, you know, for me it's like I asked these questions and I really don't have any judgment about your answers. It just helps me to know exactly, you know, where you've been at so I can help you the most.
ANN MENDENHALL: Possible. So I just mentioned that because i i know some I also work at residential rehab facilities and sometimes
ANN MENDENHALL: You're really trying to minimize you know kind of what their history is their uses, you know, probably because maybe they they're a little ashamed or they they just sort of don't want admit to what they're taking. And I really
ANN MENDENHALL: It doesn't really matter to me how much you've taken or you've taken or what your consequences are. I just like to know, you know what it is. So I can
ANN MENDENHALL: Be most helpful to you. That's, that's where I'm coming from, because it's
Thing.
ANN MENDENHALL: And then, okay. The other question is, how about any other substances alcohol.
Kyle Camargo: Things like marijuana
Kyle Camargo: Marijuana
Kyle Camargo: Marijuana out of the
ANN MENDENHALL: How much, how often
Kyle Camargo: He really can dive in smoking heroin. I've not having spoken that much marijuana but
Kyle Camargo: Um, you know I smoke every day, though, but maybe like I'd say about a gram or two grams a day.
Kyle Camargo: Okay, there was
Kyle Camargo: Nothing, nothing big.
ANN MENDENHALL: Um, and how about alcohol.
Kyle Camargo: No, I did not drink alcohol.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And any Xanax or Valium or any other kind of benzodiazepines Klonopin
Kyle Camargo: I mean I have took a narc goes in the last like 30 days because I couldn't. It couldn't find any drugs when I was sick and just Narcos else did. But it's not an everyday thing. It was just a one time deal
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: But you're not taking any benzodiazepines like Valium. Sorry. Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, and past medical history, it looks like yes she put marijuana use smoking daily since the age of 10 except for one year, while under house arrest as a juvenile likes it, not interested in stopping
ANN MENDENHALL: Started smoking heroin age.
ANN MENDENHALL: On the weekend by 21 to 22
ANN MENDENHALL: Became daily
ANN MENDENHALL: It does have two, three to six months periods of sobriety intermittently.
ANN MENDENHALL: 22 smoking a gram daily Suboxone started on January 15
ANN MENDENHALL: And let's see. Oh, and you smoke cigarettes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Two packs a day. Is that still correct
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, and that's, you know, I, I would be remiss to not mention something about that. I mean, you know, it's like I'm sure you know
ANN MENDENHALL: Smoking is is really bad for your health. But I don't know if you realize how bad it is. I mean, it's probably the number one worst thing you can be doing particularly right now with all the coven 19 things going on because you're really, you're really damaging your lungs.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that is, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: When people who are most at risk for getting it, are people who have some kind of line issue and smoking. That's a lot of cigarettes smoking that much definitely put you at this so
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, if it's not my decision for you to quit. That's only yours and it never works, unless people really want to quit. But I would start thinking about that and it can be something that you talk to your
ANN MENDENHALL: They are, first you know about
ANN MENDENHALL: Possibly get some, you know, I have you ever tried nicotine gum or Los Angeles or any of that.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay. Well, when you're ready, I'm not. Let's not go down that road right now. But when you're ready, we can always have a discussion about that, like, you know, in the group. And if you decide that you want to try quitting. You know, we can see if we can get you some help doing that. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, looks like you had elbow surgery at age eight you fell off the monkey bars. Oh, and Shattered your elbow. Any other surgeries.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And your father's alive. Your mother was deceased at age 48 she's got diabetes, heart disease, largely due to cocaine cocaine use disorder and. She smokes.
Kyle Camargo: Yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay see your, is your dad still living in Mexico.
Kyle Camargo: Yes, I have no contact with him.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so you don't know his medical history.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and then your brother, do you also diabetes heroin addict.
ANN MENDENHALL: And. Is that still true.
Kyle Camargo: Yes, it's still true.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Siblings
Kyle Camargo: No, just my brother.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and you don't drink.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, let's see, you're born raised and so Salinas.
ANN MENDENHALL: Talk about cannabis you steely
ANN MENDENHALL: You have your GED. You were expelled from school in ninth grade for drug use employment history new job now in the steel industry and construction has worked traveling carnival. The last three
ANN MENDENHALL: That was interesting was supervisor.
ANN MENDENHALL: So you set up rides in in that sort of thing.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. So I imagine that was a lot of the traveling work huh
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, that was my traveling work.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, that's probably not happening now.
Kyle Camargo: Know my family don't want me to go no more and
Kyle Camargo: Financial wise, it has. It's always like they treat me good and the bad and this year was bad year and
Kyle Camargo: I don't feel like going back, the more you know I got, I always had a job here where I'm at, but
Kyle Camargo: For some reason this year, my boss asked me to come back.
Kyle Camargo: Again, I'm sure I'll go back to help you and then Cobra 19 happen and I said on what I have to go back home, you know,
Kyle Camargo: And I came back home and I started using it, I was like, man, I gotta stop doing this because, like, no, there's times I've been silver like each year. I go to the carnival. I'VE BEEN SOBER because I don't look for drugs.
Kyle Camargo: And you know, that's fine. No sobriety. I can maintain it.
Kyle Camargo: But yeah
Kyle Camargo: I just need a little help. Probably because I've done it myself. But, you know, away from home away from everybody away from
Kyle Camargo: From all existing like no, just my normal routine.
Kyle Camargo: That I want, I want to change. I always wanted to change.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it sounds to me like you, you really are committed to making a change here and i think that's that's so important because only you can really make that decision, you know, to buy that heroin.
ANN MENDENHALL: And, you know, so now you're back at home. You've relapse there before, but I feel like if you can, you know, keep coming to our groups every week.
ANN MENDENHALL: And also have a therapy appointment, you know, we can really help you maintain a sobriety. Were you there.
ANN MENDENHALL: And then you'll be able to get a job and stay around your, your family and be able to sort of
ANN MENDENHALL: I think I would guess it's going to feel really good. If you can stay sober in Salinas, because that's kind of been you know where you've used most your life and
ANN MENDENHALL: You might be a good really set an example for some of your other friends who are still using how it's possible to get out of this loop because like you said, after a while, it was fun. At first, and you got a high
ANN MENDENHALL: But now it's not a high. It's just like you're just trying to feel normal and
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, so hopefully you know with the Suboxone you'll be able to sort of turn things around a little bit. But you know, I just want to make sure that you're willing to commit to coming to the group's
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay, that's great.
ANN MENDENHALL: So you were taking when you
ANN MENDENHALL: Quit we're taking the Suboxone films.
ANN MENDENHALL: And you were taking three a day.
Kyle Camargo: I believe so, yes.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, I think it probably would be. When was the last time you took Suboxone
Kyle Camargo: I took off to the carnival. Maybe this year like
Kyle Camargo: February.
Kyle Camargo: Like February 10 I believe or February is the middle second week of February. I took off to the carnival. And then maybe a week after that.
Kyle Camargo: So like maybe the third week of February, probably
Kyle Camargo: That was the last night.
ANN MENDENHALL: That was last time you took this box on
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so
ANN MENDENHALL: Today is the 15th. So you use pretty much, maybe a week of February, all of March, and then a couple weeks in April, so it's it's been
ANN MENDENHALL: About seven weeks, almost a month. Right.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Say seven weeks.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So because you've been off it for a while.
ANN MENDENHALL: I some of the past notes and I know that you were started up at a lower dose. So I am going to start you at two films a day but I
ANN MENDENHALL: Just want you to know that that's, you know, for the first week just to get used to it and not to overdo it. But then we'll have a discussion when you come to group next Wednesday. See how you're
Kyle Camargo: If you're
ANN MENDENHALL: Still having cravings. If you're still having some withdrawal symptoms. We'll look at increasing that amount.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's just safer safer to do. It's not like I'm trying to hold back from you but you know when you've not been using it for a while I we never put people back up on on three times a day. And that's the most I ever prescribed for anybody is three films a day, just so you know. Okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so are you still taking
ANN MENDENHALL: I so cool. I mean,
Kyle Camargo: What does that again for me.
ANN MENDENHALL: It will. I'm just looking at your medication list here. Let's see me.
Kyle Camargo: Are those the prescription. She prescribed prescribed to me at first she prescribed me a bunch of medication because when I get sick. I get really nauseous. I get I started vomiting know
Kyle Camargo: Haha, like crazy chills. Like right now I woken up you know I'm just like, stretching know pretty soon. I'd want to get high and then
Kyle Camargo: Know it took me like an hour to roll out of bed. Still, this morning, but I'm but no, she gave me like my sickness. When I start getting real sick. And I think actually fill them more sicker than any other day because I don't inject every day. I really started
Kyle Camargo: Injecting like in the last four days. And it's been heavily like
Kyle Camargo: Like I do a shot and then do another shot like 10 minutes later, because I know I just, I don't know what's wrong with me. I just sudden, the last three days I've been using pretty heavily injecting, sir.
Kyle Camargo: Okay, oh my
Kyle Camargo: I get nauseous and a bunch of other stuff too.
ANN MENDENHALL: Did the XO Fran that she gave you help with the nausea.
Kyle Camargo: Yes, they do.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and the quantity is something that's only a temporary thing, but that often can help with opiate withdrawals, too.
ANN MENDENHALL: So I can be
ANN MENDENHALL: Refill back
ANN MENDENHALL: In the day so clean. Did you take all three of these. That's not what I normally prescribe
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you remember taking that one.
Kyle Camargo: I don't know what that's for. Oh, I think so. I think that's for body aches.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's, it's more for sort of
Oops.
Kyle Camargo: I think that was one that said body pain. I don't have my prescription like doom away or at the bottles at home for a while.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Yeah, this one is more for
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, diarrhea and GI problems.
Kyle Camargo: What part of me again.
ANN MENDENHALL: If this is more for belly problems.
Kyle Camargo: I'm sorry, stomach cramps.
ANN MENDENHALL: stomach cramps and in diarrhea.
ANN MENDENHALL: That I saw coming
ANN MENDENHALL: So I'm just asking you, because I'm wondering if you're going to need that, too. I could
Kyle Camargo: No, I think I'll be okay. From the dice. Whenever how you I think I just I just know I get real, real nauseous. When if I really let myself get sick like that I get nauseous. I started vomiting just
Kyle Camargo: Know, and it's hard to control because it
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Well, that is
ANN MENDENHALL: The zone, Fran is better for that anyway. So what did I give you. I'll give you the Suboxone
ANN MENDENHALL: And you'll have
ANN MENDENHALL: Enough to take two films a day for this first week and then we'll reevaluate how you're doing it next time you come to when you come to group.
ANN MENDENHALL: And I'll give you a prescription Clonidine, and also for the XO Fran.
ANN MENDENHALL: Clonidine is the one that kind of helps with other symptoms. So it technically is a medication that we usually just give for high blood pressure, but
ANN MENDENHALL: Actually, it's also given for people who are going through opiate withdrawal so
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's close that
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so here are some questions, kind of, you know, more or less, head to toe things that you might be feeling right now. Let me just
ANN MENDENHALL: Go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Are you having any fever.
ANN MENDENHALL: Night sweats chills fatigue.
Kyle Camargo: I'm healthy only children. I feel fatigue.
Kyle Camargo: With those symptoms.
Kyle Camargo: Always do
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Or maybe it's probably because where I live. That is, I live in like the back of like a big property and the outhouse like old garage, but it was made into a house.
Kyle Camargo: So I don't know if it's me from being sick or just cold because maybe there's no insulation in the walls. I don't know.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it could be
Kyle Camargo: Or you know cuz it's not a real house. It's like, it looks like a real house, you know, but I don't know if it's the property or if it's me being sick, but I feel it's both. I think I feel it both
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, how about any runny nose right now or nasal congestion, sneezing, let
Kyle Camargo: Know that right now because you know
Kyle Camargo: I don't feel that like that right now.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, how about a cough wheezing.
Kyle Camargo: Do low cost.
Kyle Camargo: Nothing to severely. I'm not
Kyle Camargo: too sick right now. I use like in the last 24 hours.
Kyle Camargo: Right. Or like since yesterday around maybe two or three years for us. I don't know, a time but I used to wake up sick and I
Kyle Camargo: Like, I feel cold and then I it took me a while to get out of bed and then
Kyle Camargo: I decided, Okay, I'm gonna go get high. And I'm like, I better get high before I even gets sick or anything. Usually that's, that's my usually daily routine is I try to use before I feel any type of sickness even come towards me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, how about any chest pain, palpitations.
Kyle Camargo: As the right and left you know chest pains and nothing
Kyle Camargo: Okay, just
ANN MENDENHALL: GI issues. So, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Kyle Camargo: I'm always
Kyle Camargo: Know, I think I'm good. Right now it's just
ANN MENDENHALL: It's probably coming. That's why we want to get your other things.
Kyle Camargo: And usually when I'm usually I get sick. It's, it's usually the nauseous and vomiting that gets me
Kyle Camargo: And then usually i get i usually to my I get sore, I get like restless body.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Do you currently have any muscle pain or back pain.
Kyle Camargo: I have like a little bit of back pain, but I think it's from the
Kyle Camargo: Bed I sleep on. I'm not too sure.
Kyle Camargo: Or maybe I I sometimes I do oversleep like asleep for like 16 hours straight, sometimes
ANN MENDENHALL: That'll do it.
Kyle Camargo: And maybe it's just being restless in bed.
ANN MENDENHALL: And be in just lying down for too long. That's hard. And you're back actually
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about currently right now and headaches, dizziness, numbness, tingling to Reimer
Kyle Camargo: No, I'm fine right now. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and then
ANN MENDENHALL: Depression, Anxiety sleep disturbance
Kyle Camargo: Part of me.
Kyle Camargo: You know that. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: All right, so enough of those
ANN MENDENHALL: And you have no
ANN MENDENHALL: No drug allergies.
Kyle Camargo: Pardon me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Any drug allergies.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay vitals is, you know, of course, we can pick your blood pressure, but how tall are you,
Kyle Camargo: I am
ANN MENDENHALL: 577. Okay. And how much do you weigh
Kyle Camargo: I weigh about right now, I'd say about 200 maybe
Kyle Camargo: I say away about
Kyle Camargo: 230 pounds, maybe
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: I'm okay so now I need you. Let's see. I can't see your face anymore.
Kyle Camargo: Right here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Okay. There you go. So I need
Kyle Camargo: To
ANN MENDENHALL: Get your heart rate and so can you find your pulse in your neck like kind of where I'm
ANN MENDENHALL: Looking at your carotid artery.
ANN MENDENHALL: Can you put your hand on your tongue. Tell me when you find it. Okay.
It's hard.
Kyle Camargo: Left side of my neck.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, it doesn't matter either side is fine.
Kyle Camargo: I done this before, but
Kyle Camargo: I found it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to say 321 starts. And when I say start, I want you to count the number of beach you feel. And then when I say stop telling me how many you counted
Kyle Camargo: Okay, I gotta, I gotta concentrate. So you just say go, like in one minute right now and then I'll care of them.
Kyle Camargo: I gotta, I gotta concentrate
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, three
Kyle Camargo: Or when I give you a thumbs up that you could tell me go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh,
Kyle Camargo: Okay, I got, I got to concentrate to, like, you know, it's
Kyle Camargo: I can't. I can feel it but I get a thumbs up to say go, and I'll start counting
Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Find it one more time.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Stop.
Kyle Camargo: I care about maybe 11, I think. Okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: I bet there was more than that.
Kyle Camargo: Yeah, I think so too. I can. I miss them.
ANN MENDENHALL: Because that would be super low heart rate.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Alright, so I am going to go ahead and
ANN MENDENHALL: Prescribe
Let's see.
Here.
OK.
ANN MENDENHALL: OK, so the Clonidine
ANN MENDENHALL: Suboxone to okay
ANN MENDENHALL: And you are taking the film's not the tabs right at the Suboxone
Kyle Camargo: Yes, the film's
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so you want this to go to CVS on our cell Street and Salinas.
Kyle Camargo: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Can I can be excused for one second is going to help
Kyle Camargo: My because I live in my best friend. I gotta help his step dad one second to take something down from the truck.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, yeah, that's okay. And because we're almost done. So if you can make it real quick. I'll send the prescriptions where you're doing that. Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Okay, thank you.
Kyle Camargo: You're welcome. Yeah, I'm just gonna leave you right here.
Kyle Camargo: I'm here.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, perfect.
Kyle Camargo: I gotta get the dog. The dog so big.
Kyle Camargo: We, we got the neighbor's dog. The neighbor had moved out and they left the dog there.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, no.
Kyle Camargo: And there that we like it's ever, ever since then. He used to jump on our property and like, um, since we, how should I say cuttings neuter him.
Kyle Camargo: Yeah.
Kyle Camargo: He got so fat. He can't jump in and out of the truck. Now,
Kyle Camargo: It's a big pickup truck and I have to go and get them. And every time I pick them up, I get a bunch of hairs on the stuff like, Oh, man. Come on. Also, what
ANN MENDENHALL: What kind of magazine.
Kyle Camargo: I think it's like an Australian something
ANN MENDENHALL: Australian Shepherd.
Kyle Camargo: I think so. It looks. Yeah, he's a small dog. Yeah. Nice.
ANN MENDENHALL: Cool, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: I already sent us a box on
ANN MENDENHALL: The quantity, you're going to have a total of 10. So, you know, just take it when you really need it, like, you know, I wouldn't take any more than three a day and that what that will stretch out for three days and you should be totally fine. I
ANN MENDENHALL: shouldn't need it. And then for the show, Fran, you can have. Let's see. I think she gave you 10 tablets last time.
ANN MENDENHALL: So I might not take that more than three times a day, either. So
Oh yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Got the zero friend since I've sent the Clonidine, and I sent the Suboxone for you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I think that kind of covers it. So I just want to
ANN MENDENHALL: Make sure that you know you know I think you mentioned that you your last use of the heroin was at 2pm but then I think you also mentioned, maybe it was three maybe was four and so
ANN MENDENHALL: If I were you, I would you know go pick this stuff up. See, you got it. Ready to go. But I would not really start that Suboxone until around four o'clock, just because
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, you might end up feeling a little bit worse. You can always start the So Fran, a little earlier, if you're starting to feel
ANN MENDENHALL: And you can start the quantity. And so that kind of help tide you over. But if you wait until then a freely a full 24 hours and only you know for sure when the last use was. But if you wait a full 24 hours, then I think you're going to be totally safe from the precipitated withdrawal.
ANN MENDENHALL: We don't want that to happen because you're
ANN MENDENHALL: Really awful so
ANN MENDENHALL: So that I think I kind of got everything that I need there. We sent those three prescriptions. And so if you can call the bright heart again and tell them that you need an appointment to be in our group on Wednesday night, and that you need your initial therapy appointment we should
Be
Kyle Camargo: I think I scheduled a therapy appointment already
Kyle Camargo: Oh, good for, like, when is that I think sometime next week got
Kyle Camargo: 10 in the morning.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, well I just verify that. Make sure you have that written down because I don't really know.
Kyle Camargo: Yeah. Cuz there's the guy he was he was supposed to send me an email. I haven't checked my phone right now. Okay.
Kyle Camargo: See, one second.
Kyle Camargo: My email.
Kyle Camargo: Got a bunch of eBay.
Kyle Camargo: Know it's you, I think. No, I haven't got nothing yet.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, um,
Kyle Camargo: Now, these are all old
Well, I'll call
ANN MENDENHALL: It looks like they're yeah call them and make sure you get that appointment set up and then tell them I said you could be at least for now. You can be in our Wednesday night group so
ANN MENDENHALL: I think that's it. And so I will plan on seeing you next Wednesday at six o'clock, but make sure you know zoom. There's so many people using zoom right now that
ANN MENDENHALL: It's taking a lot longer to check people in. So thank you for checking in early today. I really appreciate it.
ANN MENDENHALL: That's when we'd like you to check in. So if you could do the same for Wednesday night, and that way you make sure you'll actually be in the group because sometimes when people wait until like five or 10 minutes I have a time they can't get in the group because
Kyle Camargo: Yeah I know how it works.
Kyle Camargo: When I first when I first joined
Kyle Camargo: Dr. Waters didn't explain to me like exactly how this works and how the medication fills up and you have to go to group to get your prescription. No, I didn't.
Kyle Camargo: So I for like the first. I was in the program payment for like almost up to like three weeks to a month, but I know I missed the first two group meetings like we like the first two weeks of group meetings because I didn't know what to do.
Kyle Camargo: She never explained it to me and I kind of didn't like comprehend it. And I didn't fully understand how to do this.
Yeah.
Kyle Camargo: I'm very, I know how on the program those. I mean, how the process goes
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, cool.
ANN MENDENHALL: I will tell you that I i work, you know, full time for a couple of residential we have facilities and so if you come to the group, you know, it's
ANN MENDENHALL: I fill the prescription that night.
ANN MENDENHALL: When they have to try and get in touch with me.
ANN MENDENHALL: That can be really difficult because I'm working so much that you know you definitely
ANN MENDENHALL: Will have a delay in getting your prescription of sometimes several days so so that's the thing. Make sure you come to group and everything should be cool.
Kyle Camargo: Okay. Sounds good.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: All right, just
ANN MENDENHALL: Nice to meet you. And I'll look forward to seeing you next week on Wednesday night.
ANN MENDENHALL: Six o'clock. Okay.
Kyle Camargo: Okay, make sure
ANN MENDENHALL: All right, take care.
ANN MENDENHALL: Bye bye.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I am going to quick look up his
ANN MENDENHALL: Pre BAM and give you that information.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Hopefully we have that. Or maybe it's in damn
ANN MENDENHALL: I oh here we go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, this was just done yesterday. Good. So Kyle's
ANN MENDENHALL: Band score. I guess it's pre BAM his risk score was 17 and his protective store score is six. So good thing he's come back.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, so anyway.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so this whoops. Hang on one second.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I'm
ANN MENDENHALL: A guy. I'm not sure if it's pronouncing geen or a guy, my apologies if I'm mispronouncing your name. I'm assuming you're doing the transcription and on this one. So what I often do is
ANN MENDENHALL: fill in some of the stuff, but I didn't necessarily get everything. So I totally love how
ANN MENDENHALL: People. The transcriptionist in the past will will listen to, or, you know, read the whole transcription and fill in any gaps, you know, throughout the whole
ANN MENDENHALL: HMP that I'm may not have put in, even though I have put in some information.
ANN MENDENHALL: I guess I'm so used to doing charts that it's hard for me to not put anything in there. But if it's a problem for you and in confusing, please send me an email and let me know. But otherwise I'll try and get some info in there. But if I try and enter at all, then you know that the
ANN MENDENHALL: Zoom meeting goes on way too long. So I really, really appreciate your transcription and makes the world of difference for me. And in terms of time, time wise, so
ANN MENDENHALL: I think that's it and be sure and send me any emails for any questions, I'll give you any feedback if I see anything that you know
ANN MENDENHALL: Whatever. So, take care and I'll talk to you later. Okay. END OF RECORDING right